figures as they are the love my
ear Sarah who sticks
CA 30 any you're looking at
right now is the
some workers a 4-inch fortune
what summer
and I don't know what the
impedances good as you can tell
it's either it doesn't tell you
justice ever
mistakes and I believe that
would be against the serial
numbers on them
but to no it's pretty good but
the lows more not so much goes
well small we expect but
for 31 I mean for 31 for 30 our
system it he's pretty good
to 2.1 there's a speakers show
the truck you
choose camp
speakers your I'm itching
she can see them
have had no hope I will double
or
better through our gonna do
right now
sandwich play peace this
here
premature
so go
and I'm gonna generate how it's
going to sound like crap
obviously conserving closure
don't know why I had to stay
there thanks for texting
Rica
mom
mmm 3
I'm look at that excursion
only shipping really not that
great where r
over being over enthusiastic
young
thing
it's not bad for foreigners home
mom the bottom out like a mother
fucker
from mom
long
here but that's you it sound
better inning
thing
well boom
I'm beginning hoosier
obviously is in its most
municipal
point so that's pretty much it
because in Europe